.
...
send you to a masterly house of Joro.
The poor should forget the processor in their feet,
and nam 떠 the thing they came to make these s kg public,
and talk to Rokubei.
Is that why a loser should leave Joro?
You're going to be a big deal.
I'm not afraid of anything.
I'll buy one more pair of shoes.
I'll be 30 seconds late.
Something strange is going to happen.
Next year, March, Takao will come.
Takao will come in March.
March, Takao will come in March.
It's started again.
That year lived this year!
Three months ago, to death!
Takao began.
What a young man.
And there're more people!
Takao went to the funeral.
Pour some water from the cellar.
To the public tonight.
I'm the one who's the boss here.
I'm the boss.
If you want to eat, please come.
I was about to go to bed, but I was in a hurry.
I fell into the drain.